Miscellaneous style guide edits (#6441)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_api/endpoints/messaging/send_messages/post_send_transactional_message.md

/transactional/v1/campaigns/{campaign_id}/send
{% endapimethod %}

> > Use this endpoint to send immediate, impromptu transactional messages to a designated user. 

Author: ```suggestion
> Use this endpoint to send immediate, one-off transactional messages to a designated user. 
```
